Deploy this fix and run one migration

I'm uploading a zip that replaces the whole app. It already contains fixed code for the issues below — you do NOT need to re-diagnose or re-write these, just deploy correctly and run the one required migration.

What was fixed (for your context, do not redo)
Root cause of "all teachers/interviewers sound the same": use-student-profile.ts had a stale 6-name voice whitelist while tutors.ts defines 14 personas. Every profile reload silently collapsed any unrecognized voiceStyle to "priya" or "rohit". Fixed — whitelist now matches the full roster.
Root cause of "picture moving up and down": animated-avatar.tsx's mouth mask used transparent/black gradient stops, which some browsers read as luminance (black = zero luminance = mask does nothing), making the whole photo move instead of just the mouth band. Fixed — mask now uses white with varying alpha, which is correct under either interpretation.
Root cause of "navigating to Interview Ace from feedback page does nothing": the navbar already appended ?begin=1 to force a reset, but interview-ace.tsx never read it. Fixed — now listens for it and resets to the Begin screen.
Voice reassignments + per-persona playback-rate boosts for personas flagged as slow (Priya, Raj, Aryan, Neha, Rohit, Vikram).
English Guru's mic-reopen delay tightened from 650ms to 450ms (matches Interview Ace, matches real natural-pause data from earlier analysis).
Removed "Hmm" from the AI's own encouraged filler-word list (it was in the system prompt itself) and capped filler frequency.
No-credit popup now shows "Top Up Credits" for logged-in users instead of "Sign Up" (they already have an account) — guests still see the Sign Up + benefits version.
New Session button is now sticky at the top of the feedback page.
Added a permanent used_signup_emails table + normalization logic (api-server/src/lib/normalize-email.ts) that blocks repeat 20-credit signup bonuses via Gmail dot-tricks (j.ane@gmail.com) and plus-aliases (jane+1@gmail.com) resolving to the same real inbox.
Steps
Unzip and overwrite the project with this upload.
Run pnpm install (node_modules is not included, regenerate from pnpm-lock.yaml).
Required — run the database migration for the new table:
   cd lib/db && pnpm drizzle-kit push

This creates used_signup_emails. Confirm the shell output shows the table was created before proceeding — do not skip this, credits.ts will throw on every signup until this table exists. 4. Restart the app (pnpm --filter api-server dev and the frontend dev server, or your normal run command).

What you need to verify manually (I could not test audio output myself)

I reassigned several voices and boosted playback rate for the ones described as "pathetically slow," but I cannot listen to synthesized audio from this environment. Please do a real listening pass:

Open English Guru, cycle through all 6 teachers (Priya, Rohit, Maya, Arjun, Neha, Rahul) back to back. Confirm each sounds like a genuinely different person, not just a different name.
Open Interview Ace, cycle through all 8 coaches. Same check.
Specifically re-listen to Neha — her voice model was swapped (not just rate-adjusted) because her complaint was "gets stuck before replying," not just pace. Confirm the stall is gone.
If ANY persona still sounds wrong after this, tell me exactly which one and what's wrong (too slow / robotic / same as X) and I'll iterate — I can't guess which specific Microsoft neural voice sounds best without your ears on it.
Also confirm
A fresh signup still receives 20 credits (the abuse guard should only block a SECOND claim from an equivalent email, never the first).
Test the abuse guard: sign up with youremail+test1@gmail.com, then try youremail+test2@gmail.com — the second should NOT receive another 20 credits (check the credits balance and the server log line "Signup grant skipped").